README.md, before:

# Guide for Developers Pushing Apps to Cloud Foundry

This is a guide for developers on deploying and troubleshooting apps running in Cloud Foundry.

This is one of several repositories that go into a complete documentation set.

The contents here are structured as a topic repository intended to be compiled
into a larger document with
[Bookbinder](http://github.com/cloudfoundry-incubator/bookbinder).

See the [docs-book-cloudfoundry](http://github.com/cloudfoundry/docs-book-cloudfoundry)
repository for the complete list of open source documentation repositories, as well as information about the publishing process.

docs-dev-guide/deploy-apps subdirectory:
Develop and Manage Apps
Develop and run apps in the cloud.

docs-dev-guide/capi subdirectory:
Manage resources via the Cloud Foundry API

docs-dev-guide/services subdirectory:
Custom Services
Create and publish free or metered services for Cloud Foundry apps.

## Branch map

This branch is published through the [docs-book-application-service](https://github.gwd.broadcom.net/TNZ/docs-book-application-service) repository.

| Branch  | TPCF version  | Doc Link      |
|---------|---------------|---------------|
| tcf-103 | TPCF 10.3     | [TPCF v10.3 staging](https://author-techdocs2-prod.adobecqms.net/content/broadcom/techdocs/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/tanzu-platform-for-cloud-foundry/10-3/tpcf/concepts-overview.html) |
| tcf-102 | TPCF 10.2     | [TPCF v10.2](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/content/broadcom/techdocs/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/tanzu-platform-for-cloud-foundry/10-2/tpcf/concepts-overview.html) |
| tcf-10  | TPCF 10.0     | [TPCF v10.0](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/tanzu-platform-for-cloud-foundry/10-0/tpcf/concepts-overview.html) |
| TAS-6.0 | TAS 6.0       | [TAS v6.0](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/tanzu-platform-for-cloud-foundry/6-0/tpcf/concepts-overview.html) |
| TAS-5.0 | TAS 5.0       | archived PDF  |
| 22.0    | TAS 4.0       | archived PDF  |

Commit message:

update README with EAR book repo & latest branch map table

README.md, after:

# Guide for Developers Pushing Apps to Cloud Foundry

This is a guide for developers on deploying and troubleshooting apps running in Tanzu Elastic Application Runtime (EAR).

This is one of several repositories that go into a complete documentation set; this branch is used only for Tanzu Elastic Application Runtime.

See the [docs book repo](https://github.gwd.broadcom.net/TNZ/docs-book-application-service)
for the full TOC and the index files used to organize the book.

docs-dev-guide/deploy-apps subdirectory:
Develop and Manage Apps
Develop and run apps in the cloud.

docs-dev-guide/capi subdirectory:
Manage resources via the Cloud Foundry API

docs-dev-guide/services subdirectory:
Custom Services
Create and publish free or metered services for Cloud Foundry apps.

## Branch map

The docs is published through the [docs-book-application-service](https://github.gwd.broadcom.net/TNZ/docs-book-application-service) repository.

| Branch  | EART version  | Doc Link      |
|---------|---------------|---------------|
| tcf-104 | EART 10.4     | [EART v10.4 staging](https://author-techdocs2-prod.adobecqms.net/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/elastic-application-runtime/10-4/eart/runtime-rn.html)
| tcf-103 | EART 10.3     | [EART v10.3](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/elastic-application-runtime/10-3/eart/concepts-overview.html) |
| tcf-102 | TPCF 10.2     | [TPCF v10.2](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/elastic-application-runtime/10-2/eart/concepts-overview.html) |
| tcf-10  | TPCF 10.0     | archived PDF |
| 6.0     | TAS 6.0       | [TAS v6.0](https://techdocs.broadcom.com/us/en/vmware-tanzu/platform/tanzu-platform-for-cloud-foundry/6-0/tpcf/concepts-overview.html) |
| TAS-5.0 | TAS 5.0       | archived PDF  |
| 22.0    | TAS 4.0       | archived PDF  |
